Artificial intelligence (AI) shocked the world on Thursday as Google's computer program AlphaGo beat Lee Se Dol, a South Korean Go champion, in the second of a historic five-game match, taking a 2-0 lead.After exchanging 211 moves in the match with AlphaGo that lasted four and a half hours, Lee accepted his second loss. During the first face-off, Lee resigned an hour earlier after trading 186 moves. Lee must win all of the three remaining games in order to win 1 million U.S. dollars in prize money and to keep his reputation with a human victory over the machine. "How can I say this? I was already completely surprised yesterday, but today I was defeated. From the perspective of competition, I was defeated entirely. I had barely taken the lead from the very beginning, and I saw no mistakes made by the computer. Yesterday I could still say that the computer played Go in a strange manner, but the computer defeated me perfectly today," said Lee, a professional Go player with a 9-dan ranking. AlphaGo, a computer program developed by Google's London-based AI arm DeepMind, showed a variety of anomalies humans cannot imagine and played in an incomprehensible manner that was viewed by professional Go players as mistakes at the first sight. DeepMind said that they had not found the limitations of AlphaGO, which was one reason they actively hold competitions against human competitors. "I think a bit speechless, actually. It was a really amazing game today, unbelievably exciting and incredibly tense all the way through. We were very pleased also that AlphaGo played some quite surprising and quite beautiful moves," said Demis Hassabis, co-founder and CEO of Google DeepMind. The five-game match, which kicked off Wednesday, will last until next Tuesday. The third game is set to be held on Saturday after a one-day break. According to the match agreement, no matter who wins the third game, there will be five games. Lee said at the press conference on Thursday that his current target is to win at least one match. Lee, 33, is one of the greatest Go players in the world as he won 18 world championships in his 21-year professional career. He has a win rate of about 70 percent with 47 victories in professional matches, while AlphaGo posted a 99.8 percent rate with 504 victories and only one defeat. The game Go originated in China more than 2,500 years ago. It involves two players who take turns putting markers on a grid-shaped board to gain more areas on it. One can occupy the markers of the opponent by surrounding the pieces of the other. More on: http://cctvplus.tv/NewJsp/news.jsp?fi...Subscribe us on Youtube: https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCmv5...CCTV+ official website: http://newscontent.cctv.com/LinkedIn: https://www.linkedin.com/company/cctv...Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/pages/CCTV/7...Twitter: https://twitter.com/NewsContentPLUS