Dota 2  champion, Dendi got beat by a bot? So if bots are getting good enough to beat pros, could they augment online player bases?Sauce:https://arstechnica.com/gaming/2017/0...After about two weeks of training, the OpenAI bot was able to consistently beat the Dota 2 pros. Over the course of last week, it was pitted against big names in the scene, such as Artour "Arteezy" Babaev and Sumail "Suma1L" Hassan (both of North American team Evil Geniuses), and former pros such as William "Blitz" Lee. All of these players are known for their play in the mid lane (where one-on-one matchups are the norm); none of them took a game off the AI. On stage, we saw the bot take on Danil "Dendi" Ishutin, arguably the most beloved of all Dota 2 players and another strong mid player. The bot relentlessly crushed him 2-0.Having defeated the pros, the bot was thrown open to attendees at KeyArena. In-game cosmetics were offered to the first 50 people who could beat the bot. The bot did in fact fall, with all 50 cosmetics being won, mostly by using cheesy techniques to distract the enemy creeps or buying unusual items. This exploits a weakness of the AI; it's much less good at handling situations it has never seen before than a human would be.The OpenAI team says that playing Dota 2, even in this limited way, is considerably more complex than playing a game such as chess or Go. Not only is the range of possible actions greater, but Dota 2 has hidden information; players can stand out of vision, for example, so the bot doesn't know where an attack might come from. OpenAI's next goal is to devise bots that can play full five-on-five matches, collaborating and communicating with each other to play as an actual team.That's an enormously larger undertaking, of course, but if they can pull it off, humanity's domination of Dota 2 is clearly going to end: Skynet is going to beat us all.Sauce:https://waitbutwhy.com/2015/01/artifi...What Is AI?If you’re like me, you used to think Artificial Intelligence was a silly sci-fi concept, but lately you’ve been hearing it mentioned by serious people, and you don’t really quite get it.There are three reasons a lot of people are confused about the term AI:1) We associate AI with movies. Star Wars. Terminator. 2001: A Space Odyssey. Even the Jetsons. And those are fiction, as are the robot characters. So it makes AI sound a little fictional to us.2) AI is a broad topic. It ranges from your phone’s calculator to self-driving cars to something in the future that might change the world dramatically. AI refers to all of these things, which is confusing.3) We use AI all the time in our daily lives, but we often don’t realize it’s AI. John McCarthy, who coined the term “Artificial Intelligence” in 1956, complained that “as soon as it works, no one calls it AI anymore.”4 Because of this phenomenon, AI often sounds like a mythical future prediction more than a reality. At the same time, it makes it sound like a pop concept from the past that never came to fruition. Ray Kurzweil says he hears people say that AI withered in the 1980s, which he compares to “insisting that the Internet died in the dot-com bust of the early 2000s.”5So let’s clear things up. First, stop thinking of robots. A robot is a container for AI, sometimes mimicking the human form, sometimes not—but the AI itself is the computer inside the robot. AI is the brain, and the robot is its body—if it even has a body. For example, the software and data behind Siri is AI, the woman’s voice we hear is a personification of that AI, and there’s no robot involved at all.