“Artificial Intelligence fundamental Threat to mankind Elon Musk  Deep Mind; Google Assistant?-http://VFNKB.com Can you imagine burying a microphone in your toys, your television, or refrigerator? This is exactly what is being doing with technology right now. So, what are they doing with this new technology? This information is being put into a company called Deep Think. The design is to have computers that have the ability to “think”. This new technology isn’t comparable to Siri, but much more advanced. Imagine pointing your phone at something, asking your phone what it is, and the phone tells you what it is.In a recent demonstration of Google’s new technology, ‘Google Lens’ when used with smartphones  a speaker demonstrates how he used his camera phone to take a picture of text in a different language, which referred to a menu item. When the person he was texting asked what the dish looked like, his technology “assistant” automatically sent a few pictures of the dish. As the speaker explains, “Now notice I never had to type the name of the dish. My Assistant used visual context, and answered my question conversationally.”  Continue Reading Full Description Below...★☆★ GET FULL CONTENT AND RELATED ARTICLES★☆★http://tinyurl.com/y7toqerx★☆★ WATCH FULL PROGRAM★☆★http://tinyurl.com/ychzazpr★☆★ SOUND CLOUD AUDIO ★☆★ http://tinyurl.com/yddorbzl★☆★ PARTNER NOW ★☆★ https://vfnkb.com/giving★☆★ THE TORCH ★☆★https://tinyurl.com/yd9hbpbh★☆★ SIGN UP FOR THE TORCH NEWSLETTER ★☆★https://tinyurl.com/y9jnmpne★☆★ DONATE ★☆★ https://tinyurl.com/ycxg272w★☆★ DOWNLOAD THE VFNTV APP TODAY ★☆★https://tinyurl.com/y8akpt65★☆★ FOLLOW US BELOW ★☆★Twitter: https://twitter.com/VFNKBFacebook: https://www.facebook.com/VFNKBPodcast: https://tinyurl.com/y9d574mbApp: https://tinyurl.com/y8akpt65★☆★ WE HAVE A FREE ABIDING PLAN FOR YOU ★☆★http://iAbide.org★☆★ MEET MY FATHER, YOU'VE GOT TO MEET HIM ★☆★http://meetmyfather.org The speaker continues to share about coming across a box office marquee of a music concert. When he points his Google Lens at it, his assistant responds with a myriad of options; play music from the band, get tickets, or add this to his music. As they release this new technology, it is now available on the iPhone, they have more news to share. “So, no matter what smartphone you use, you can now get help from the same Smart Assistant throughout the day, at home and on the go.” Sounds simple, right? But, there’s more.“The new Google Assistant SDK allows any device manufacturer to easily build the Google Assistant in whatever they’re building: speakers, toys, drink mixing robots, whatever crazy device all of you think up, now can incorporate the Google Assistant.”It’s amazing that less than 10 years ago, the iPhone was released in 2008, and technology as we knew it would never be the same again. This technology is now being released for anyone to use. So, here’s the question. Where is all this information going that is being gathered? Should we be teaching a computer how to think?It’s great to have technology that solves a vast array of problems. It wasn’t long ago that Ray Kurzweil talked about the predictions of computers being implanted in our brains so that we no longer need to use a keyboard to search the internet, we can simply search the internet via our brains. The convenience of this type of technology is absolutely staggering. Imagine hiring someone who shows up on time, and has no issues in any way. But, we cannot forget that we are dealing with human beings, human beings that God is in love with. God loves our weaknesses and frailties. When we see just how rapidly this type of technology is advancing, we can see the potential hazards that can arise if we do not respond with wisdom.When some thought this moment would take 10 years, many are having to re-evaluate their predictions. A robot just beat the world’s best player in the Chinese board game of “GO”. This advanced computer is the design of Google’s “Deep Mind” Company. The robot is called “AlphaGo”. As one commentator explains, “The victory of a program over a human in the ancient board game Go, has sparked intrigue and, in some cases, concern. It shows that a machine has approximated human intuition and outsmarted the best human brain in the game.” When looking more closely at this surprising upset, we see how AlphaGo was configured to reach these results. “Instead of using brute force to calculate all the moves it could make, like previous AIs, AlphaGo used reinforcement learning and neuro networks to mimic the learning process of a human brain.”