세계경제포럼 회장 슈밥 서울 방문...한국의 4차 산업혁명 도전 New technologies are emerging so rapidly that we are now having trouble coping with their impact on society. By affecting everything from the nature of work to what it means to be human, technological changes could overwhelm us if we do not collaborate to understand and manage them. That is what the chairman of the World Economic Forum Klaus Schwab has been professing for the last year.He's on a three-day visit to Korea. Our Kwon Jangho highlights how his visit underscores the Fourth Industrial Revolution challenge that Korea faces.   Self-driving cars, artificial intelligence and robots -- the Fourth Industrial Revolution has arrived.For Korea, that became startlingly real... when grandmaster Lee Sedol was beaten by the Alpha Go computer in Baduk, a game that was previously said to be so complex it would be years before a computer could win.  The person who's been at the forefront of highlighting this shift in the world is Professor Klaus Schwab, the founder and chairman of the World Economic Forum.For the past year, Schwab has been championing the Fourth Industrial Revolution, including in a new book bearing its name, and he was recently in Seoul for the launch of the Korean edition.     "We feel that the Fourth Industrial Revolution will be one, if not the major, force that will really shape the future with a tremendous impact on society." For those who need a refresher,... mechanization, mass production and computers represented the first three industrial revolutions, while intelligent machines, digital interconnectivity and adaptive manufacturing represent the fourth.To discuss its impact, and Korea's place in it, Professor Schwab visited a number of sites to meet with young innovators and future industry leaders.  "There are many young entrepreneurs developing really innovative and disruptive products in Korea, and he wanted hear their thoughts and ideas and see how Korea is preparing for the Fourth Industrial Revolution." But for as much as Korea has developed over the last six decades, going from a war-torn country to a leading world economy, it currently faces just as many challenges going into the new Industrial Revolution, such as a slowing economy, rising unemployment and an aging population. The Korean government is looking to overcome these difficulties with heavy investment.Its 13-billion dollar budget for 2017 targets industries recognized as future growth engines, including AI, biomedicine and the energy sector.  "While Professor Schwab praised Korea's efforts in adapting to the Fourth Industrial Revolution, he also stressed that governments, including Seoul, will need to be agile enough to navigate the new and changing environment.Kwon Jang-ho, Arirang News." Visit ‘Arirang News’ Official PagesFacebook(NEWS): http://www.facebook.com/newsarirangHomepage: http://www.arirang.comFacebook: http://www.facebook.com/arirangtvTwitter: http://twitter.com/arirangworldInstagram: http://instagram.com/arirangworld