인공지능과 함께하는 미래의 노동시장Artificial intelligence has certainly taken the world by storm showing it has the potential to open new frontiers and enhance daily life in ways never before seen. A future with AI will come with a price, it seems... as many are concerned the development of such technology could wipe out jobs for human beings. How do we foresee AI affecting the labor market?Lee Ji-won takes an in-depth look. The historic match between Korea's Baduk or Go grandmaster Lee Se-dol and Google's AlphaGo left many in awe at how far artificial intelligence has come. But with AI becoming increasingly a part of modern daily life and showing endless possibilities, there are concerns that AI might one day take over human jobs as well. In fact, a number of studies by Deloitte and Oxford University showed that, telemarketing is the job most likely to be taken over by machines within the next 20 years. Next on the list are jobs requiring the use of keyboards,... followed by paralegal work... and a number of positions from other industries such as finance and administration. The results were based on certain qualities AI is expected to excel humans,…. such as finger dexterity, repetition and computing skills due to their keen and exact calculations. Some experts, however, are optimistic and say that machines performing repetitive and tedious tasks will allow people to find more fulfilling jobs,...improving their quality of life."Development of automobiles led to horses becoming obsolete, but it also resulted in jobs such as taxi and bus drivers. Technological advancements will drive people with innovative minds to create new markets and thus, new jobs."A projection was made at the World Economic Forum earlier this year, showing that about 2 million new jobs will be created within the next 5 years thanks to artificial intelligence.The new jobs will mostly be concentrated in the science, technology, engineering and mathematics fields.Moreover, Internet of Things , nanotechnology and 3D printing industries have already resulted in unprecedented new job titles.Social Media manager, for instance, is a job that's been recently created prompted by the expansion of social media networks on the internet."But experts say, with machines expected to replace simple labor, workers must be retrained to take on newly created jobs. Lee Ji-won, Arirang News." Visit ‘Arirang News’ Official PagesFacebook(NEWS): http://www.facebook.com/newsarirangHomepage: http://www.arirang.comFacebook: http://www.facebook.com/arirangtvTwitter: http://twitter.com/arirangworldInstagram: http://instagram.com/arirangworld