4차산업 위한 준비,... 세계와 한국은 어떻게 준비하고있나?  Now to follow up on the government's efforts to further develop the various technologies and developments in the 4th industrial revolution,... experts says there is a need to establish regulations and code of ethics set. Our Lee Ji-won compares Korea's case to how other countries have dealt with the same issue.Developments in the fourth industrial revolution are expected to fundamentally change society,... making daily life quicker and more radical than previously anticipated,... with firms and governments around the world investing more into related sectors.However, here in Korea, there's an increasing call for regulations and guidelines to catch up with such technological advancements,... as well as shortcomings, as shown in Tesla's accidents by driverless cars and Pokemon Go users getting injured, sometimes fatally, while playing the game.     "Compared to other countries such as the U.S. and E.U., Korea's development in the 4th industrial revolution is quite behind. And the government and firms have been working to improve, such as the government expanding the supplementary budget to about 13-point-8 billion U.S. dollars, and nurturing new businesses in the industry." The U.S. for instance has released policies on autonomous cars to ensure their safe operation and testing in 2013.It has done the same for the operation of unmanned aircraft including drones... as well as regulations to fly them within sight, and at a controllable altitude of 120 meters.in this case, Korea quickly followed suit by designating test areas for driver-less cars.... and new systems for drones.     "Korea is now applying the geo-fencing system to drones, which use GPS location signals to stop its machines flying close to airports, professional sports events and other restricted zones. But because the land is so small compared to that of the U.S., there aren't many space where one can fly drones."  Besides safety guidelines, ethical issues are also arising.Movies such as "Ex Machina" and "Her" illustrate possible threats that could be triggered when emotions are mixed with artificial intelligence. Another issue to take in consideration is race discrimination as seen in Google's face recognition photo application which mistakenly identified African-Americans as 'Gorillas'.     "The ethics issue with artificial intelligence all comes down to humans. The robots or the technology cannot be bad,... or mean harm, unless people teach them to be or develop them to be so. And thus the developers and the users of the technology should be taught about ethics."  Google's DeepMind team established the AI Ethics Board, and the world's five most prominent tech firms including Facebook, Microsoft and Amazon met to discuss the creation of a set of ethical rules regarding artificial intelligence.And although Korea's advancement in the 4th industrial revolution is behind comparison to other countries, this can serve as a guideline to establish a better ethical code in this growing industry.     In 2007, the Korean government made its first draft of the so-called Robot Ethics Charter,.K.. which outlines a number of principles that developers or users need to keep in mind.     "It's normal for firms and countries to think about ethics after they develop the technology, in which case ethics will be far behind and problems will arise. But as Korea is still at its early stages of the industrial revolution, it can develop the two together, creating a more ethical technology." Lee Ji-won, Arirang News. Visit ‘Arirang News’ Official PagesFacebook(NEWS): http://www.facebook.com/newsarirangHomepage: http://www.arirang.comFacebook: http://www.facebook.com/arirangtvTwitter: http://twitter.com/arirangworldInstagram: http://instagram.com/arirangworld