이세돌, 알파고가 두렵지 않은 이유 "나를 믿으니까"Can machines overtake human intelligence?A breakthrough moment for that answer may come in less than a week from now... when the world champion of the ancient board game Go takes on an AI program developed by Google.Korean Lee Se-dol and AlphaGO will go toe-to-toe in the ultimate man versus machine battle.Kim Ji-yeon reports on how the human champion thinks the match will play out.The big match taking place in Seoul between Korean grandmaster Lee Se-dol and AlphaGO, a computer program developed by Google... is gaining a lot of international attention.Lee and AlphaGO will compete in five rounds of the ancient game of Go, or baduk in Korean, starting next Wednesday on March 9th until the 15th.Global IT figures such as Eric Schmidt, Executive Chairman of Alphabet Incorporation, Google's holding company,... will visit Seoul ahead of the match.The competition itself will be aired simultaneously in China and Japan as well as through Google Deepmind's Youtube channel.Grandmaster Lee, who is currently in Shanghai for the Nongshim Cup World Baduk Championship, says he is not afraid to lose to AlphaGO... because he believes he can actually win.33-year-old Lee says he's anticipating the upcoming match, which is the first official match of Go between a human and Artificial Intelligence. Grandmaster Lee predicts that the match will either be a clean sweep or a four-to-one win for himself...adding that the first match should indicate how the rest of the games will play out.Grandmaster Lee says he will grant AlphaGO a rematch if he wins... and could be a more difficult match... saying he believes there will be a day computers will outrun humans in the near future.But he adds that day is not today.For now, Grandmaster Lee says he looks forward to seeing his daughter in Korea this weekend... and plans to stay with her until his upcoming match with AlphaGO.Up until now, it was believed that the ancient game of Go was a board game that computers couldn't crack due to its complexity.But Google looks to change that,… with AlphaGO already defeating European Go champion Fan Hui, five times out of five tournaments in a test match in October.Kim Ji-yeon, Arirang News. Visit ‘Arirang News’ Official PagesFacebook(NEWS): http://www.facebook.com/newsarirangHomepage: http://www.arirang.comFacebook: http://www.facebook.com/arirangtvTwitter: http://twitter.com/arirangworldInstagram: http://instagram.com/arirangworld