Brian Greene - AI, Gravitational Waves, Alien Life And The Possible Future Of Our Civilization.   Brian discusses implications Artificial Intelligence and news of DeepMind AI (AlphaGo) beating the world grand champion in the board game Go.  He then discusses physics string theory, the territory of opinion on grand unifying theories of physics, the importance of supporting fundamental science, the possibility of alien life, the possible future of our space-faring civilization and of course gravitational waves!In answer to the question on the importance of supporting fundamental research in science, Brain Greene said: "I tell them to wake up!  Wake up and recognize that fundamental science has radically changed the way they live their lives today.  If  any of these individuals have a cell phone, or a personal computer, or perhaps they themselves or loved ones has been saved by an MRI machine.. I mean any of these devices rely on integrated circuits, which they themselves rely on quantum physics - so IF those folks who were in charge in the 1920s had have said, 'hey you guys working on quantum physics, that doesn't seem to be relevant to anything in the world around as so were going to cut your funding - well those people would have short circuited on of the greatest revolutions that our species has gone through - the information age, the technological age - so the bottom line is we need to support fundamental research because we know historically that when you gain a deep understanding of how things work - we can often leverage that to then manipulate the world around us in spectacular ways!  And that needs to be where our fundamental focus remains - in science!"Audio (originally published  on March 14, 2016): https://archive.org/details/BrianGree...Brian Randolph Greene is an American theoretical physicist and string theorist. He has been a professor at Columbia University since 1996 and chairman of the World Science Festival since co-founding it in 2008. Greene has worked on mirror symmetry, relating two different Calabi–Yau manifolds (concretely, relating the conifold to one of its orbifolds). He also described the flop transition, a mild form of topology change, showing that topology in string theory can change at the conifold point.Greene has become known to a wider audience through his books for the general public, The Elegant Universe, Icarus at the Edge of Time, The Fabric of the Cosmos, The Hidden Reality, and related PBS television specials. He also appeared on The Big Bang Theory episode "The Herb Garden Germination", as well as the films Frequency and The Last Mimzy. He is currently a member of the Board of Sponsors of the Bulletin of the Atomic Scientists.https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Brian_G...Also thanks to ThinkInc for bringing Brian Greene to Australia: http://thinkinc.org.auMany thanks for watching!Consider supporting SciFuture by:a) Subscribing to the SciFuture YouTube channel:  http://youtube.com/subscription_cente...b) Donating - Bitcoin: 1BxusYmpynJsH4i8681aBuw9ZTxbKoUi22- Etherium: 0xd46a6e88c4fe179d04464caf42626d0c9cab1c6b- Patreon: https://www.patreon.com/scifuture c) Sharing the media SciFuture creates: http://scifuture.org Kind regards,Adam Ford- Science, Technology & the Future